at the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron
speak to the children of Israel and say
to them when any man has a discharge
from his body his discharges unclean and
this shall be his uncleanness in regard
to his discharge whether his body runs
with his discharge or his body has
stopped up by his discharge
it is his uncleanness every bed is
unclean on which he who has the
discharge lies and everything on which
he sits shall be unclean and whoever
touches his bed shall wash his clothes
and bathe in water and be unclean until
evening he who sits on anything on which
he who has the discharge said shall wash
his clothes and bathe in water and be
unclean until evening and he who touches
the body of him who has the discharge
shall wash his clothes and bathe in
water and be unclean until evening if he
who has the discharge spits on him who
is clean then he shall wash his clothes
and bathe in water and be unclean until
evening
in his saddle on which he who has the
discharge rides shall be unclean whoever
touches anything that was under him
shall be unclean until evening he who
carries any of those things shall wash
his clothes and bathe in water and be
unclean until evening and whomever the
one who has the discharge touches and
has not rinsed his hands in water he
shall wash his clothes and bathe in
water and be unclean until evening the
vessel of Earth that he who has the
discharge
touches shall be broken and every vessel
of wood shall be rinsed in water and
when he who has a discharge is cleansed
of his discharge then he shall count for
himself seven days for his cleansing
wash his clothes and bathe his body in
running water then he shall be clean on
the eighth day he shall take for himself
two turtledoves or two young pigeons and
come before the Lord to the door of the
tabernacle of meeting and give them to
the priests then the priest shall offer
them the one as a sin offering and the
other as a burnt offering so the priest
shall make atonement for him before the
Lord because of his discharge if any man
has an omission of semen then he shall
wash all his body in water and be
unclean until evening and any garment
and any leather on which there is semen
it shall be washed with water and be
unclean until evening also when a woman
lies with a man and there is an omission
of semen they shall bathe in water and
be unclean until evening if a woman has
a discharge and the discharge from her
body is blood she shall be set apart
seven days and whoever touches her shall
be unclean until evening
everything that she lies on during her
impurity shall be unclean also
everything that she sits on shall be
unclean whoever touches her bed shall
wash his clothes and bathe in water and
be unclean until evening and whoever
touches anything she sat on shall wash
his clothes and bathe in water and be
unclean until evening if anything is on
her bed or on anything on which she sits
when he touches it he shall be unclean
until evening and if any man lies with
her at all so that her impurity is on
him he shall be unclean seven days and
every bed on which he lies shall be
unclean if a woman has a discharge of
blood for many days other than at the
time of her customary impurity or if it
runs beyond her usual time of impurity
all the days of her unclean discharge
shall be as the days of her customary
impurity she shall be unclean
every bed on which she lies all the days
of her discharge shall be to her as the
bed of her impurity and whatever she
sits on shall be unclean as the
uncleanness of her impurity whoever
touches those things shall be unclean he
shall wash his clothes and bathe in
water and be unclean until evening but
if she is cleansed of her discharge then
she shall count for herself seven days
and after that she shall be clean and on
the eighth day she shall take for
herself two turtledoves or two young
pigeons and bring them to the priests to
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
then the priest shall offer the one as a
sin offering and the other as a burnt
offering and the priest shall make
atonement for her before the Lord for
the discharge of her uncleanness thus
you shall separate the children of
Israel from their uncleanness lest they
die in their uncleanness when they
defile my tabernacle that is among them
this is the law for one who has a
discharge and for him who emits semen
and is unclean thereby and for her who
is indisposed because of her customary
impurity and for one who has a discharge
by the man and for him who lies with us
who is unclean
you